hey guys this is MC game in 47 and and i
just want to show you what's going on a
minecraft in my world well this is my
like 10th world so my 10 so cuz it's
like the update is 1.4 meaning there is
well now so yay milli right and i just
want to show you that oh wow I should
hope but yeah either way um these are my
teen dogs one two three four five six
seven eight eight dogs and notice this
is a monster spawner cool okay so I uh I
just wanted to spawn pigs but by the
time I went down like down my basement I
went up for I was there for at least
five second by the time I know it I got
my walls look at this I got wolves I
have at least 1 788 wolves here right
now I just need to get some bones and oh
no I ok oh no i have 0 either way watch
as you notice I'm telling them right now
I don't know how much numbers will grow
but i'll keep you posted right now it's
kind of getting annoying because i'm
getting way too big so these are all my
goals by the time i know it okay i'm
gonna be on stairs for these one minute
doing stuff i'll probably just get wood
and there's a sheep in my place holy the
way I'm gonna wait and then
I'm just enough yeah just wait look what
happens okay this view will be now
fast-forward killed it no IDK laughs
laughs okay I'm back all right now I'm
not today but know what you do it let's
go okay we're back okay um overall wow I
did not see this coming but i did but i
swear that there were more dogs than I
expected and it almost feels either way
I had a lot of dogs dead cuz like first
of all like um they were spawning like
crazy for by the time I was like it was
night by the time responding now there's
less fix for some reason well I hope
hopefully they will spawn more hopefully
and yeah smells funny more pigs
hopefully will spawn more dogs because I
did
see Spahn actually have a video of them
no no no no i don't i thought i do but
uh I did have a video of them spawning
and yep well anyway see how that's
changing the subject here uh um just for
updates for new videos 1 i'm gonna be
making all the more less water warcraft
videos level up wit Tim well that's too
ah like that way at least I'll be up in
a week but in um like probably two more
days I think maybe less maybe probably
today right after this video will
probably be minecraft funny moment you
see cuz i met this guy Tim and he is a
friend of mine yeah and so please man go
back up either way ah hopefully that I'm
just saying that I have no it's a lot
stuff going on like that now that's why
we have a lot of funny moments and yeah
but either way hopefully you guys now
understand I like um how i got many of
yo see that oh and don't forget it oh
man but you like let's just say you you
hopefully now understand that how i got
this much goals try getting a monster
spawner here with grass and wants to be
big so right see you guys